Dr Jameson: Hello.
iPad: Hi, Dr. Jamison
Dr Jameson: Hi.
Dr Jameson: I can hear you. But I see a black screen.
Dr Jameson: Lock Screen. I don't see her can
iPad: You see me. No.
iPad: No.
iPad: My husband, put a black thing on it because
Dr Jameson: You know, there you are. Yes, there
Dr Jameson: You go
iPad: It's level blurry. Hold on.
iPad: No problem. Yeah, no, I appreciate. I didn't know that people could like just, you know,
iPad: Hey, I'm watching you. Yeah, that it matters, really. But you're in your bedroom watching movie.
iPad: Did I mess it up. So there's so much luck on it. I'm trying
iPad: Hold on. Maybe you some cleaner. I
iPad: Get one of those wipes blue thing. So one of the
iPad: most critical thing.
iPad: Where is it, you
iPad: Know,
iPad: Probably has to slide in here to
Dr Jameson: That looks better.
iPad: That much better.
iPad: So many so we didn't know what to send of all the stuff because there's like literally hundreds of tests that Stanford did while I was
Dr Jameson: There.
Dr Jameson: Yeah so sick. I was
iPad: Just
Dr Jameson: I saw
Dr Jameson: Looking through some of the labs that that there's a little bit of
iPad: Just your analysis.
iPad: Okay, which we just found out. Just now you needed. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I don't think they scan.
Dr Jameson: That. And yet, but that's okay. Um, so yeah. Usually we do a set of labs that includes like hepatitis and screen.
iPad: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So, so, um, they should
iPad: Be able to manage. Can I got the whole
iPad: Sudan injection, because I'm in school. Well, I just graduated my neck last degree in forensic psychology, but
That's all.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Without the hepatitis B. Yeah.
iPad: Okay home allow you in unless you have like the vaccine all these shows. Oh my gosh.
iPad: Yeah, people
Dr Jameson: So, um, well, let's start from the beginning and then what we can do is like there's a list of labs that we usually have so I see liver tests and I see a blood count already and you'll send that it's a user, we usually do a urine test and then a urine drug screen.
Dr Jameson: And then there's hepatitis A, well, yeah. A, B, and C and then an HIV and civil assessed just screens. Basically, and
Dr Jameson: You know,
iPad: I thought that was rather than 16 here.
Dr Jameson: We are well and, you know, unfortunately, actually, there's been a huge comeback. It's, it's the right, the right, the rates have been rising
iPad: Lately, in the last few years, and children on
Dr Jameson: Well, I think it's, um, well we digress, there's, I think there's a few different factors to that one of what
iPad: Sorry.
Dr Jameson: This know there's they have you heard, I don't know if you've heard of. Sorry, let me just shut the door. My dogs are making a lot of noise. Sorry.
iPad: Dogs, we get along. No problem.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um, it obviously depends on what sort of
Dr Jameson: Method. You people are administering themselves medic this these drugs. Right. So obviously there's potential risk for blood. Blood Borne things if people are sharing needles.
Dr Jameson: But anyway, we, we do a screen for just general
Dr Jameson: STDs. I don't know why we do the syphilis, to be honest. But there are raising raising rates. I've seen a few cases of it not here, but in practice in the last few years. It's kind of anyway.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so let's let's get, um,
Dr Jameson: So you were in the hospital which and that's that's who referred you to us so well first of all, can you just confirm your name, date of birth,
iPad: Did you say something because it got really silent.
Dr Jameson: Oh, I said, can you confirm your name and birthday.
iPad: Oh, Tanya Morgan 831 62
Dr Jameson: And you're in California. Yeah.
iPad: Awesome. And I have a horse voice right now. So if it cracks out
Dr Jameson: You don't hear me all right.
iPad: Let me know.
Dr Jameson: I will. Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: So what brought you what got you into the hospital.
iPad: My husband found me unresponsive. It turned out I had acute liver failure.
iPad: And so the rest. Well, they didn't know it at the moment that they rushed me to Dominican they diagnosed me with that and then they rushed me over to Stanford. They thought I had Tylenol toxicity, but I'm allergic to Tylenol. So, um, what we thought we figured out was probably
iPad: Kind of a long history. I just had a radical hysterectomy for cancer, and they had me on a pump, you know, right out of recovery.
iPad: For dialogue which I had been on for chronic pain and I didn't, you know, I thought it was a lot along acting drug apparently it's a short acting drug
iPad: I should have done my research, but you know, you just don't think about you think the doctor knows what they're doing and they do I great doctors at my city of hope. But anyway, so
iPad: The pain dumped in me the whole thing and they had to resuscitate me
iPad: So there wasn't any for
iPad: Narcan right yeah
iPad: So it was an overdose. Yeah, so there was a big toxicity already
iPad: In my my body and I told them I don't ever want to be on dialogue it again. So I was switched to oxy. This is not, can I don't pronounce right oxy cotton go down, go down. Oh, don't either two different ones because I just didn't get into the opiates. I was like,
iPad: Well, I did pharmacology was for all the psychology drugs.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think oxy content is like two words together like oxy code on continuous
iPad: So long ago thing that's special
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's
Dr Jameson: oxy content is a long acting allegedly if it's taken away. It's designed to be taking it is a long acting version of oxycodone actually code on is the actual ingredients in
Percocet and
iPad: Yeah, I think there may be another thing. So yeah, they switched me to oxy codeine not con, but when we were talking at Stanford. I was we were all talking about like the different ones.
iPad: And also they heard the two words. And I was like, I forgot to ask, you know, because I do say um and so anyway they switched me am I looking at this correctly to you because I feel if I staring down at you but
Dr Jameson: That's okay, you
iPad: Don't. That's fine. That's fine. Let me see if I can make this bigger because making me crazy. Ah, much better. You can still see me correctly.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I can say
iPad: Okay, I don't really use my iPad for this FaceTime is on my phone with my friends.
So,
iPad: Okay, so anyway, um,
iPad: They switched me to Oxycodone and 30 milligram and
iPad: That was back in May or June and um
iPad: There was no conversation about long acting short acting. I just assumed it was the same as allotted, you know,
iPad: Anyway, I was signed six pills a day. Sometimes they took it. Sometimes I didn't
iPad: Sometimes I may have taken eight pills instead of six. Sometimes they took none. You know, it just depend on like because I have two broken necks broken back
iPad: I've had for bilateral carpal tunnel. So I'm not trying to make you sympathetic. I'm just telling you what
Dr Jameson: Goes on the night I was gonna ask you anyway.
iPad: I'm TMJ badly.
iPad: Three cancer survivor. I've been through 68 surgeries in the past 10 years and I have massive neuropathy through my body on top of me. Told you half of what I you know my breasts are gone, and it just goes on, you know, so the pain is tremendous. But I always tried to block it.
iPad: But there comes down when I can't. Anyway, so my body must have built up a toxicity. And so when I was taking in. They thought I had Tylenol toxicity, because where do you get like you liver failure.
iPad: And I'm allergic to time I can't take it. I told you that just a little while ago. So I'm we're when we all discussed it the pain doctor who referred me to you guys this pain psychiatrist.
iPad: And Dr. lady who was my main doctors Stanford and we figured out that it was a build up of all the medication Lyrica Cymbalta the oxy can't
iPad: Code own. Yep.
iPad: The diet allotted originally they had me on fentanyl which I talked about this off. And I said, No way. If this all for me.
iPad: I don't drink, smoke. I never drink, smoke hundreds. I don't do recreational anything I'm opposed to marijuana for me. I don't believe it's bad for cancer patients, but I just
iPad: Because some square nerd.
iPad: And so for me it was hard enough, like my mom had to talk me into taking medication for the pain. She said, You just take it when you need to take it. They're giving it to you. I go, but mom.
iPad: I can't like the first five days I function. Well, unlike fully energetic and then after that, all you want to do is lay in my bed.
iPad: You know, and I'm getting kind of the broad picture. So you can see where we came to at the meeting at Stanford. What we have many meetings three. Um, so I was like
iPad: This medication was like a death sentence to me in hope and I'm gonna cry about it because what they gave me at Stanford was big.
iPad: I not heard ever. Um, I don't know any doctor, I asked another doctor yesterday. Never heard of it before, like I didn't either.
iPad: You know, I had to take year pharmacology, not much, you know, amount of pharmacists whatever forensic psychologist, you know, I mean, I should know these things. Why don't I do this.
Dr Jameson: So what I
Dr Jameson: Can do it. I know what the others. Sorry.
iPad: What did they give you a Stanford, they haven't given me anything yet, but they they were talking about. I can't even pronounce it. Bless your stuff.
iPad: But buprenorphine lots of for nefyn VPN.
buprenorphine.
iPad: Yeah.
iPad: Suboxone. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Okay. So before we came to that I was telling him I said. They said, well, how do you feel on your medication. I go, horrible.
iPad: I said I don't talk to anybody about it, but literally two classes and I literally just graduated, like, a week ago.
iPad: I was so excited. I was like, I can't believe I did it because two classes shy of that final degree. I was so tired and so sick from this medication that I was like, I don't care.
iPad: I mean, I used to do things of my friends all the time. I used to swim and run. And, you know, even with all my pain. You know, I still did all these things.
iPad: Well, I don't do that anymore. I mean, my haircut and here's past my hips always donate my hair locks of love. I'm going to do it somewhere else. But, um,
iPad: I don't have my hair cut in a year because takes energy and yes okay I've been through two major surgeries one dumped me.
iPad: But that's mommy excuse to not go get my haircut. You know what I mean, that's what this medication did to me and then I talked to him ready because
iPad: This was my final option right. I didn't know any other difference. And I was every, every month. I tried to get off my did but then the pain on a mountain so much pain that I just, I haven't slept in four days because I don't sleep. Anyway, I have a hard time but
iPad: The pain is just so tremendous. I can't write down. You know, it's like
iPad: You know, and so, um, you know, yesterday was at the hospital. My modus of operating is to walk around and cheer up other patients, you know, the nurses thought it was great.
iPad: I thought I was just spreading love to people that needed love you know that we're in so much pain so much worse off than me.
iPad: You know, and so I did. I walked around and Nancy and Susan Jeff and, you know, and I talked to them and I'm a Christian. So I didn't push my religion on them. I just said I would pray for them.
iPad: And that was how I got through my day, you know, and I would say, oh, like my fashion statement, you know, the hospital.
iPad: And they said, Mike accessory bowl and they make people laugh. That's what I do to make my heart feel. Yeah, yeah, to go and so
iPad: And so when the doctor came in, Dr. B came in and he explained the medicine and now it works versus opiates with the neurons and the opiate receptors and how the morphine, which similar to morphine and
iPad: Dialogue and
iPad: OxyContin and all the opiate drugs, how they put down this line of stuff and can build up your system and overdose you but this other stuff.
iPad: It doesn't make you want to just lay in bed all year long. You know, it doesn't make you want to just say, you know, this is all there is, what is there. There's nothing, there's nothing because I have a light. I mean,
iPad: To look at me, he never does. And I'm not saying this is a frightening thing, but I've worked really hard since I was 10 I've toured the world with my music
iPad: I was a best selling artist. I wrote two number one bestseller books I have 15 but I wrote two best selling books one Schuster, and I worked really hard, but
iPad: When I got so sick with cancers and the broken necks and everything in 14
iPad: I just I stopped, you know, except for school. I tried to keep up with school. And so, um, but the one thing that I didn't do what is really broken my heart. The boxes over there.
iPad: One of my dearest, dearest friends who was like grandparents to me we joined together. He was going under lock restart or yesterday.
iPad: And I had the honor of not just touring with them but be like his granddaughter, and he he had so many people. He said, walk up to him and say, I would like to write your memoirs.
iPad: And he came up to me. He goes, JC because my stage name is JC Ray, and he said, I want you to write my memoirs. And I said, oh my gosh, Ernie. This is beyond my capabilities. I'm not a writer. I mean,
iPad: That's not my profession. I mean, he goes, Yes, it is illegal. Well, that's not what I mean. I mean, that wasn't really a, I don't know how to explain it or it's it's not a gift. It's just something that
iPad: I fell into writing your memoirs. And he said, Yes, you are. And I want you. I won't take anybody else.
iPad: Well, I spent three and a half years interviewing them his family Loretta Lynn. Everybody okay Jimmy Dickens, my friends at the Grand Ole Opry
iPad: His cousins his radio station three and a half years constantly on the phone. I have the CDS city in a blue box over here and his wife died of cancer, and I loved her so much in 2009 she died of cancer and
iPad: I was there for him and his family. And then I was writing his and then six months later he was diagnosed with cancer and then he died.
iPad: And my heart for hope. And I knew I had to write this for him and his family, whether or not the Grand Ole Opry wanted me to publish it and but whether or not
iPad: I did anything. It was their book but when these medications took over 2014 I didn't do it. I couldn't do it. And I haven't done it.
iPad: Yet, yeah. When the doctor told me medication fact like my vote to actually not be a failure and the guilt would do what I promised, because I do what I promise it'll just say I'm gonna do something and take a cavalierly
iPad: Tell you, I'm crying right now, of course, we had a failure because they feel when he was alive.
iPad: And partially because I might be able to do this now and I might give it to his family. If there's hope.
iPad: They don't talk to anybody about it is it's too painful for me to say it. I feel somebody I love. So what
iPad: That's a long time over the years is, you know, it's been 2014 six but it's been 11 years that more than 11 years. I started interviewing 2006 when he asked me was, we just got off tour from Belgium, Belgium and I was just, I mean the honor of that to replace their life in your hands.
iPad: But then take that honor and destroy it. And I just write it, because these destroy lives drugs destroyed lives and I knew that I grew up with that I grew up in a drug infested know
iPad: When I looked at them and I said, you guys are crazy. I will never be like you. And look, I am like
iPad: Well, not quite do what they did, but I felt somebody that was, I know you didn't have it. Nobody's
iPad: looking down at me and saying you didn't do what you promised well
Dr Jameson: Not. Yes. How about that.
Dr Jameson: Okay, let me back. But no, I think this is
Dr Jameson: It's all important and I hear a lot of pain and that we we do need to help you.
Dr Jameson: You know release some of that because carrying a lot of guilt and other negative emotions around doesn't generally
Dr Jameson: promote healing and grow others. So, but, so it's all very understandable and and and
Dr Jameson: Admirable, really, I think,
Dr Jameson: It sounds like you're on.
iPad: The summary people who have a way worse than me and my being.
iPad: And that's
Dr Jameson: Why, I mean, it's good to keep that kind of
Dr Jameson: Attitude because then
Dr Jameson: You, you have some gratitude for what you do have. And anyway, if you're always woe is me. Then you tend to be kind of stuck so
iPad: I think the model was me. Yeah. Nobody would
iPad: Know, everybody says, You're an inspiration us meet people love you always smile.
iPad: The real me right
Dr Jameson: Sometimes you need a little meantime to right
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so let me. Sorry, I just let me back up.
iPad: Are you
Dr Jameson: So you had
Dr Jameson: A variant and breast cancer. What kind of cancer behead
iPad: So I had ovarian and then I had the did originally we had originally the scars and they're like, what happened. So I originally had breast reduction surgery because
iPad: I was a size two with 36 double J us. Wow. And I was born that way. It wasn't something I stuffed in whatever those things are called and they hadn't quite discovered that my neck was broken, but the pain was tremendous.
Dr Jameson: And how did that happen.
iPad: Because when I was hit by a woman that was under insured. She was 17 she was going 75 miles an hour, and she wasn't paying attention.
iPad: And, um, I flew. I mean, it was bad, but there was so much drama everywhere else. But I guess they didn't pay attention. You know, I, my nose smashed into my face.
Dr Jameson: Or you are a pedestrian and you were hit
iPad: No, no.
iPad: No.
iPad: No, I was in my card debts.
Dr Jameson: She was a big
iPad: Truck. It was one of those big huge okay like it was like a lot of those didn't call
iPad: SUV and I'd rather house one. They're huge. The diesel huge pickup truck and she wasn't paying attention and
iPad: She shoved me into the car in front of me, and he got a broken, hand, shoulder wrist and leg and the person he got crushed into broke his collarbone his knee and fractured his, his Tibia. So that tells you the impact. Now, it was my bad. And that's when you go out and I had a brand new car.
Dr Jameson: So you drove several vertebrae in your neck and in your lower back and
iPad: I have a full battle back to one to see to
Wow.
iPad: And I have what's called a movable living disk. It's not literally living, they call it a movable will my doctor called Little
iPad: I see are nice face and
iPad: I just present this to us. Okay. Anyway, so, um,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we can
iPad: Get into it. Yeah, so that was
Dr Jameson: Saying that was, that was the start of when the pain issues because after this
iPad: No, I got neck issues have always been an issue when I have scoliosis, but I didn't find that out until I was an adult.
iPad: And I always wonder why my back hurts so much, but as a little girl, we were pretty massively well up pretty. We were very massively abuse and
iPad: One of my mom's boyfriends and the house.
iPad: What we. It's called a double check.
iPad: And what he did is he walked up behind me and I was eight years old and this guy is now serving double murder sentence. It says, what kind of guy is in Pelican Bay. These are the people I was very good and
iPad: His name is Tom steams
iPad: Anyway, he he picked me up and he threw me down on the cement and my neck pop and him and my brother wouldn't allow me to call my mom.
iPad: I would race one phone. This is back when the phones you pick up one phone can't use the other. Mm hmm. You know, both have to be down
iPad: So I would race to one because my neck was stuck sideways and I was in a lot of pain. So that was the beginning of neck problems.
iPad: And then when I went to foster care. Um, I slept on a bed that was like this with three other people
iPad: So like we would sleep on the ledges and in the middle and try and switch around. So with the scoliosis, and the bad back and then
iPad: I had to support myself because I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to pay rent and I was 10 years old and I didn't know what I was going to do. You know, I had to pay $100 a month. Let's food and so
iPad: I I played any instrument that could be put in my hand. I just
iPad: Have that capability. I was blessed with it. So there was an old guitar in the house that I had three rusty strings.
iPad: And I figured out how to play some chords and I went to a neighbor. And I said, I need to do a gig, because I have to make sleep.
iPad: So I clean houses and I know babysat and I gig, but my hands because my family, all the females and my family have carpal tunnel.
iPad: And by 12 I was diagnosed with a lot of time on my word speak white races. So pain is always been part of my life, which is probably why I could block it so well.
iPad: But there comes a point where I can't. And that's when I break down and I usually hide, you know, unlike go away. Don't talk to me. I get really grumpy. You know, I go hide.
iPad: It when as a kid I go hide in the closet, usually because it was a safer place and everybody through their stuff in there and nobody knew so I couldn't get beat up or
iPad: A rate. I don't care what they say. Children are raped, they call adults being raped it called sovereign being less know it's the same thing. It's rate call what it is, so that the children get some credit, you know, so the pain I dealt with.
iPad: You know,
iPad: I can't say more than that, you know, I'm blessed. I'm alive, you know, and I came out. You wouldn't think I have a good attitude, but they do nothing. Yeah, I don't tell people, all this stuff. I guess my background.
iPad: Let me throw up on you. So you can just walk
iPad: Us like very, very, very best friends, which I know some of it, but I just don't think it's necessary. I'm talking to you as a doctor. So, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, I think it is definitely
Dr Jameson: still relevant.
Dr Jameson: I mean it's well it's relevant. I mean, these are
Dr Jameson: There's a lot of emotional emotional pain is
Dr Jameson: Yeah, emotional pain causes physical pain and
Dr Jameson: I need to escape, and there's, there's, there's, it's all right. It is all tied together, unfortunately.
iPad: That sounds, that sounds
iPad: Unimaginable well I can
iPad: Tell you, I got drunk one time in my life when I was 18 because I don't drink and my bosses took me and my other co worker to please call the brilliant venture belted where we live.
iPad: And took us out to dinner to celebrate that we have done so well that will work. And I'd never heard of the Daiquiri. And I said, Well, what is that they said I was just a Slurpee, don't worry.
iPad: Well, I never drove by that but I still like, I don't see the point in it. It's nasty days it's expensive. You wake up with a hangover.
iPad: Then you look at the bill and you throw up again. What
iPad: You know, go have fun run on you know go laugh with your friends. I
iPad: Don't see the point.
iPad: Is. Plus, I've lost like my sister, a bunch of people drunk drivers nine people total. So, and not one accident, you know, it's like, amazing. So I'm a big advocate for if you're going to drink in your keys period, you have
iPad: Column the services go to a motel. But you call me because I will come get you. And if I'm there, I'm taking the keys because the one time I was drunk.
iPad: Besides all the deaths was one is a team was that time and I called my boyfriend and I said, something's wrong. I can't see the stairs and
iPad: They're all he goes, where are you, I go, I told him, and he goes, What's wrong with you know i don't know something's wrong.
iPad: Because they didn't tell me I didn't know you know I, I'd seen that growing up, but that wasn't mean I haven't drunk anything I had a Slurpee.
iPad: You know, Peach daiquiri, yeah. So he walked it off with me and I went through crying because my friend Kelly was dying amount Rex yet to laughing because the sun is rising, we're swimming in the ocean.
iPad: I mean, you know, and I went okay on top of the expense the throwing up the people go through, you have to deal with this emotional roller coaster. Like I have enough personalities. I don't need more. So that was. That's what I didn't just see it I physically experienced it. And I went
iPad: So I have been drunk once in my life very honest about that. I don't even know if my husband knows that I never thought about something.
iPad: I'm just filling up all over you.
Dr Jameson: So I want to
Dr Jameson: This is, again, this all needs to be
Dr Jameson: Worked out but the on the medical side of things. So you've been on are you taking any medications right now.
iPad: Lyrica
iPad: I was taking Cymbalta but they told me at Stanford, because I was like Cymbalta does nothing for me, why am I ingesting something that does nothing for me.
iPad: And they said, you don't have to, like, I don't. I thought it was like a combination of. I know it's an antidepressant, which doesn't do that to me.
iPad: But it's supposed to work with nerve pain. I thought it worked in conjunction with lyric. I mean, I should have. It is my fault for non for me, myself better with. I was just dealing with way too much stuff.
iPad: To look up medication was not my
Dr Jameson: Important do know what does it take
iPad: I think it's three times a day. Hundred and 50 milligrams, but I could be wrong.
iPad: So I want to be exact. This is my medicine case.
iPad: I'm okay. And I don't really take it like it's prescribed like
iPad: Again, I don't want to ingest things that are. You don't have to, you know, and I've really bad neuropathy, but I find the two of these works better than three. So take it, take it once in the morning and once at night. So I'm skipping a dose. I'm just because I don't I don't eat it, you know.
iPad: Is that bad as bad. No.
I i
Dr Jameson: Would think if you just let your doctor whoever's prescribing it. No, they would say, Okay, take it twice a day.
iPad: Yeah, I'm going to tell, I'm going to talk. I love my pain doctor at City of Hope. He's amazing. Doctor, but he you know he's not going to be my doctor anymore because I want to move up here again city of hopes into rocked it and that's where I used to live down in Los Angeles.
iPad: And they saved my life. So I love them to pieces, and they're kind enough to like
iPad: Email me personally to find out who I am talking to me and wish you a Merry Christmas, or so, calling you know
Dr Jameson: If they want to be.
iPad: Yeah, it's 153 times a day.
Dr Jameson: And what else to take
iPad: On so friend is recent that's one tablet by mouth, two times a day.
iPad: Just entering. I don't know what the milligram is on last
Dr Jameson: Week for
Dr Jameson: Me. Are you needing that twice a day or
iPad: No, I just take it like I had a sour stomach last night because I stopped taking the obedience seven days ago and usually
iPad: You know, I've stopped. Many times, like just, I'm not going to take it and then I think I told you that
iPad: So I'll go 1020 days without it, because I just don't like it. I don't like it. The way it makes me go down and you know all that stuff. But then the pain builds up so great. And then, you know, I realized just dropping it like that is dangerous.
iPad: But I didn't care anymore. I just wanted to like
Dr Jameson: Say opiate opiate withdrawal, even though it's generally impossibly uncomfortable is almost never medically dangerous.
Dr Jameson: Alcohol.
Dr Jameson: Alcohol and pencils. Yes, because you can have seizures and you can stop reading and choke and stuff like that. But I actually
iPad: Thought about alcohol.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: People almost never die from. I mean, it's extremely unusual and it's usually from like being super duper dehydrated and maybe having other underlying
Dr Jameson: Issues by me. Okay, so we have the
Dr Jameson: Novel medicine.
iPad: Yeah. And then I take this is the next you trying to find the military is one capsule at night.
iPad: It probably could be 20 or 40
Dr Jameson: It's okay. That doesn't matter so much so much
iPad: Holograms
iPad: FABIAN.
iPad: I was on Metformin I was on Metformin
iPad: Okay, which is a pre diabetic pill know twice a day. But they said to stop taking it because the liver enzymes are so high. So for now, I'm off of that, um,
iPad: I was taking Cymbalta but since he said, I don't have to take it. I don't want to ingest something. I don't have to. So I'm not taking it was that bag. I just don't like of subaltern because I don't want
iPad: I didn't dump it I'm taking a walk.
iPad: I have cream.
iPad: It's called dice. Do I can never pronounce this. Can you see it.
Dr Jameson: See it
Dr Jameson: Raise it up a little higher.
iPad: Oh, sorry.
Dr Jameson: That club night. Okay. Yeah.
iPad: Yeah 1%, I don't know, like
iPad: Does that affect men.
Dr Jameson: I mean, it's an anti inflammatory does it help you
iPad: Um, temporarily for very small period of time. If I put on my lower back.
iPad: It'll help, but it only lasts for like 1520 minutes, but if I can get 1520 minutes where I can sit to do my homework or sit to do something I have to do or stand up long enough to do the dishes, you know,
iPad: Great use that on your back.
Dr Jameson: Mainly or
iPad: Yeah, back and wrists neck. Sometimes I don't like in my neck because it gets all in my hair really i do donate my hair and I want my hair to be special for them so
iPad: Okay, so I was taking also something called sellers. So it's CL e co op ex IB. And that's the generic. I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's Celebrex. Yep. Okay. Oh.
iPad: Okay, yeah. But again,
iPad: I didn't feel anything. And I was like, why am I taking something that I don't feel anything. I was simply taking it because people told me this is what I have today, and I didn't think hard enough but Sanford said, I don't have to deal with that. So this is wild.
iPad: And then this is just the vitamin
iPad: Which is let L Trice I was trying to do this because when they did been instructed me. I went through instantaneous menopause. Mm hmm. And I just
iPad: Didn't want to have relations with my husband anymore.
iPad: It was just like, oh, you couldn't believe it. Don't touch me, but this is do anything. So, whatever. Okay. And one more spot.
iPad: Told you so. Rick symbol to. Oh, yeah. Chris store. They said not to take the press store that's 40 milligrams
iPad: Because the liver.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. So currently, or just the Nexium the Lyrica and the topical diclofenac and the najim
iPad: Okay, and then this I have three medications. I was diagnosed with angioedema
iPad: This year just another little sidestep
iPad: They told me what and I forgot to tell them at Stanford, because I didn't have my box. And so I know that he goes
iPad: To they know the drill. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Um, do they know what caused
iPad: Our day
And
iPad: They don't know what causes angioedema I did look into the whole thing my mom has to my birth mom and I didn't know that. But what happened was I woke up.
iPad: One day, my tongue was sworn I thought that's where did I buy my total nights that really bad TMJ, and they're just ignored it. But then my lip, lip being
iPad: Like, oh, I'm having an allergic reaction was, I was allergic to a lot of things. Um, so I took an allergy pill, but it didn't do anything. And then I went to sleep, and I woke up and I couldn't read very well and my face was really swell. I have the pictures I like
Dr Jameson: Oh yeah, it's like
iPad: It's so weird. I can try.
Dr Jameson: It in a bad way. I
iPad: That weird movie where the guys lips like suddenly going by. Oh, I'm Eddie Murphy movie, the funny one.
iPad: Do you know, do you watch
Dr Jameson: Center. Remember, I mean, you see them. You see them.
iPad: Play Mr clump. I don't remember. Yeah.
iPad: Man.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, but did they tell you to stay away from aspirin or
iPad: I can't take aspirin and I'm allergic to tell them all so
iPad: Okay. They didn't say anything. They said, We need you to take
iPad: We need you to have a stock of prednisone so my doctor prescribe Britain, the zone. I have it in the bedroom and we need you for sure to pay the pink pill wants today.
iPad: And because that'll help. We don't know what causes, and we can't prevent it. That's what I was told my research. And it's true. And then Pepcid
iPad: Because the credit zone upset your stomach. So all three of those except for those two are in the spare bedroom. My husband knows where they are in case I have to have them as well as my epi pen. I have an epi pen.
iPad: And then this I have to take once a day, but I was thinking, Is this like a title at all like is this
iPad: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: This costume now.
Dr Jameson: Hmm, I'd have to look it up.
Dr Jameson: I don't know off the top of my head.
iPad: So anyway, now you know every minute. Oh, sorry.
iPad: I know
Dr Jameson: I think I missed you to take a hormone. I think I missed that.
iPad: Well, I can't this cancer.
Dr Jameson: Oh, that's right. Okay, so sorry. What do they give you for the menopause.
iPad: Nothing because they can't they said we need to research herbals but I'm, again, not good at taking pills. I just never happen. And I tried that one and it didn't do anything. And I'm like, why am I ingesting something that does nothing.
iPad: For me, my husband said, well, it did because you were more affectionate. I was like, honey. I just don't feel it. And if I could, I would. And I'm coming out.
Dr Jameson: I think, I think.
Dr Jameson: The pain. I think opiates, just the press, a lot of things too, so
iPad: And that's what I thought you yeah
Dr Jameson: So okay, so you've been on opiates had been on opiates for pretty much continuously with a few workshops since 2014. All right, very sad.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and so had been various things, I guess. And most recently, you've been on oxycodone, is that what you said.
iPad: Right. Can you still see, did I move
iPad: Now you also know what way I can't see you.
iPad: But you haven't
Dr Jameson: You haven't taken no okay and you haven't
You haven't had it from
iPad: Last Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And do you have any physical withdrawal symptoms. He said upset.
iPad: Right. Three days ago I started throwing up
iPad: Which I'd never done before and I don't know if it was because the addition of the eight bags of stuff that was going in all my days. Um, but it was probably withdrawals, in my opinion, and doctors. When I told him, I said, this sounds like withdrawals and diarrhea. So
iPad: Another he
iPad: Is the pain was so bad I
Dr Jameson: Generally
Dr Jameson: Kind of restless. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: trouble sleeping, is a very common.
Dr Jameson: Symptom of withdrawal.
iPad: Oh, I, I do have Ambien but I don't take it very often. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: So the labs that I saw. So when did you get to the hospital.
iPad: Yesterday, yeah. Yesterday yesterday and the day before. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So it was yesterday. Your liver tests are still not right. Right. I mean, they're better but yeah okay
Dr Jameson: And they test you.
iPad: Need to be tested again in three days and then three days in three days.
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay. And I'm sure they checked you for hepatitis, because it was relevant to what you were in the hospital for like the different
iPad: Infection check me for everything. Yeah. But I, again, I had all those stupid shots. I'm glad I had him because people here at the school.
iPad: Yeah. So we're pretty sick. Yeah. So I have hepatitis.
iPad: It was a whole series.
Dr Jameson: I know for sure habitat be there's a Hepatitis B vaccine that you take through there's three doses that's i'm sure what you had
iPad: Yeah, and then the see when I had
Dr Jameson: No there. It doesn't exist. Unfortunately, there isn't one.
Dr Jameson: But there's always
A vaccine now.
Dr Jameson: But not have to see.
iPad: I just know I had a series of shots I have take over six months.
Dr Jameson: That's happened is one. Okay.
iPad: And hate needles. Oh.
Dr Jameson: And you don't have any got. Did you ever do you ever gallbladder still
iPad: Yes.
iPad: Well, they didn't do things don't happen but they
iPad: Didn't because
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, so, I mean, I don't know, did anybody say anything about you maybe being a really slow metabolism of these of these opiates.
iPad: No, but I do have a slow metabolism and nobody said anything about that so
Dr Jameson: I'm just wondering how all these metabolites would be building up and then it sounds like it's a very delayed withdrawal, in a way, like most people start to feel withdrawal, even in 24 hours. They're already
Dr Jameson: Really under their skin. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
iPad: With opiates. I know with alcohol because my brother's an alcoholic.
iPad: But I don't, I don't know, I've never detox somebody on opiates. So yeah. Hmm. Well, maybe I
iPad: They never talked about it. Yeah, they talked about so many great things. So, but I didn't. That was not one of them. They were all
iPad: There was too much stuff.
iPad: Yeah, and I'm sure you're going to go
iPad: Out to speak to somebody about
Dr Jameson: Yes, you may have been a little bit
Dr Jameson: You know, confused too. If your metabolism. If byproducts. We're building up and stuff. You know what I mean. So some of what they told you might be a little fuzzy at this point anyway.
iPad: I'm pretty sick so
Dr Jameson: What sort of what sort of drug
iPad: Was
Dr Jameson: Where your parents, you said you grew up in a household with
iPad: Oh, oh my gosh, okay so
iPad: Where they, you name it. It was there LSD, Marijuana, Cocaine cocaine was the biggest one. I mean it was just eight on the table.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Are your parents still living or you don't know or
iPad: And this was only my birth, mom, my dad, his dad, he just died last year of cancer at 99
iPad: Yeah, my, my dad is like 35 years older than my mom and I am now very good friends with my mother, she did all her drugs because
iPad: She I tested her with Robert Myers test. She definitely is a psychopath. And I knew that you know her way of coping.
iPad: To deal with the things that are brain was the drugs and when I explained to her. Her personality type
iPad: You know, a couple years ago, I was afraid because I'd never done it before. And I figured she was probably going to chop my head off. And she said she gave me my last confirmation, which I already knew from the tests, but, um, she said.
iPad: You know, when I was two years old. My dad had a gun and I thought it would be fun to kill somebody.
iPad: I still have guns and I wonder about it, but I wouldn't ever do it because she's aged out. You know what I mean, she's at the point where she wants to
iPad: Simulate with society, and she you know they either in the den jail or they want to suddenly she's one of the few that's assimilate and then
They
Dr Jameson: Were opiates.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, this wire. Yeah, right.
iPad: No Alcohol op
iPad: Yeah, alcohol.
iPad: I don't even know the opiates were like really a big thing.
iPad: Where they get some vs pain LSD, Marijuana. Yeah, that there was a Coke deal that went bad. Paul got his head blown off on our courts seven. It's awful.
iPad: That I say that so cavalierly but it's just because you have two legs. Yeah, who was just one of the family, friends, and he was a Coke dealer and they had a big fight and
iPad: Somebody blew his head off. I don't know who it was because I wasn't outside, but the bloody brains were everywhere. When I walked out. Wow. The cops came and, you know,
iPad: That's when foster care was really implemented.
iPad: But I'm not saying foster care was much better.
Dr Jameson: Not doesn't sound like it. Okay.
iPad: So,
Dr Jameson: Um, so it sounds like you've already had a pretty good explanation, maybe better than I can give about how the buprenorphine works. It sounds like it was pretty detailed
Dr Jameson: And it was a pain specialist. That was the so yeah I'm a, I'm a family practice doc by training and then you get you do a little extra training in the buprenorphine but not extensive like that. So anyway,
Dr Jameson: But it does it occupies the same receptors as opiates do but some of them more strongly than or more selectively than others, and it turns on some of them, and then some of them, it blocks.
Dr Jameson: And it's been it's a designer drug basically because it's meant to it's designed to block the ones that make you stop breathing and
iPad: Make you
Kind of euphoric.
Dr Jameson: And then after you
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and then it
iPad: It my pharma is allowed to do what they do is amazing.
Dr Jameson: Well, yeah, that's a whole other story, but then
Dr Jameson: It just like it activates the ones that have to do with the physical withdrawal symptoms and somewhat for pain there. It has some pain relieving benefit qualities to it's
Dr Jameson: Different, in a way, I guess it's it's a anyway. But we do see patients that find that it works quite well for for for their pain. Pain is also I mean sounds like you have clearly lots of different
Dr Jameson: Sources of pain, but
Dr Jameson: One of the symptoms of opiate withdrawal is also increased pain.
iPad: So social emotional when I'm finding is I'm more emotional. Mm hmm.
iPad: That's good, yeah know there's. I mean, there's a depression.
Dr Jameson: That comes with it has to do with kind of sort of used up all the dopamine and your body isn't
iPad: Needs, it needs research on was not happy, but it changes your neurons. Did you know that
Dr Jameson: Yes, it changes were Florida and I was going to say, like, there's more and more research about chronic use of opiates actually worsens paint and it creates it alters the pain pathways and it creates new anyway it's it's
iPad: They're not and we didn't discuss it at Stanford. I just knew
iPad: Yeah, so, so
Dr Jameson: Normally when we start the Suboxone we were well when we start the Suboxone it's just the brand name for buprenorphine.
Dr Jameson: We need you to already be in withdrawal because it's such a strong, it has a very strong, we call it affinity to the receptor, it will actually push off anything that's currently on there, but then
iPad: Yeah, he says.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so you have to, I mean, normally a few
Dr Jameson: 24 hours is enough time in your case, I'm just from the things you're describing
iPad: That you like
Dr Jameson: No, I think.
Dr Jameson: I'm, I'm actually even though it's been so long since you've taken and I'm still a little bit worried because this just sounds like you have a little bit of a unique
Dr Jameson: I'm wondering if you're somebody that since they say you built up all these metabolites. I'm just wondering if if you kind of break things down more slowly than than most people do.
Dr Jameson: So you are always just taking the pills like the way they were designed to be taken. Right. You weren't crushing
iPad: Or, well, sometimes they overtook
iPad: Me like you did today. I took a crush.
Dr Jameson: You didn't crushing snort things or
iPad: Oh,
Dr Jameson: Gosh, Elton shoot
iPad: And then again, and I take things as they are and I don't like needles. They talked about that people like crushing putting a needle.
iPad: Yes. Like, it sounds like heroin. Why would they do that.
iPad: Well, so
Dr Jameson: In here, when people get
iPad: My house.
Dr Jameson: The same reason people take care of. And I guess.
iPad: Apparently they know i i don't mean
iPad: To criticize them. They have hard lives. I understand that. Yeah.
iPad: And and make it sound like there's people there.
iPad: So,
iPad: It's me.
Dr Jameson: I think, in your case, I want to start you at the low dose and then see how it goes and consider, you know, gradually increasing as needed.
Dr Jameson: We're, we're going to look to see if we how much pain relief. We can get you with it. It may or may not fully do the job. But at least it should
Dr Jameson: Whatever benefit, it does provide you will be without the sedation and
Dr Jameson: At least for the most part, there are some people say they feel still a little bit groggy, but
iPad: I think it's not to the same degree by any means. Yeah, from one of explained to me. It wouldn't be because I'm okay. So T cells are not, you know, those are
iPad: It's not the right word. I'm using those of your blood and all that, but we drawing on the board tease when we are talking about it and the T's are like 3456789 for the opiates and they just keep piling up
iPad: Whereas only one comes down for sandbox. And I can say some box and the other one. For some reason, when a
iPad: New printer, you can say somebody on. That's why I was using smart, but I always like to use the correct names, but I can mark them. And I'm like, man. Yeah, yeah, it sounds like epinephrine. To me, that's why.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's kind of cool Suboxone is fine. I'm okay. So, um,
iPad: So since I'm this is a question. I'm serious about Don't laugh at me since I'm actually coming off the withdrawals, is that bad.
iPad: For starting this
Dr Jameson: No, I think we we want. We just want to make sure you're already having withdrawal before we want the receptors to be at least partially empty before we give you the
iPad: Okay. Okay, that makes it so I thought maybe you have to be in withdraw when you said that I was like, you have to be
Dr Jameson: No, you don't have to be in withdrawal. But you if you've had opiates anytime recently they need to be the level needs to be dropping basically
Dr Jameson: And so they did. They explain to you about the the way it melts in your mouth, either a tablet or a film. Oh.
iPad: It's it's subcutaneous
Dr Jameson: sublingual
iPad: Yeah, sublingual sir. Yeah, I think they said that. But I was so excited to be able to be off those and have some hope again for life that I think they said that my just went up yeah okay whatever what's next.
iPad: Tell me more.
Dr Jameson: So, so there's. It comes in a little film and you just said it under your tongue and let it sit there till it fully dissolves and you basically need it to be absorbed through your through your
iPad: Calls on your mouth.
iPad: You can, suppose
Dr Jameson: As opposed to swallowing it
Dr Jameson: Goes
Dr Jameson: Down in the stomach. It doesn't typically get absorbed. So they like you to not have anything to eat or drink for 10 minutes after you've used you've you've administered it so that you make sure to
Dr Jameson: Try to get as much of it as you can in
Dr Jameson: Four.
Dr Jameson: Diversion avoidance purposes, meaning like people either
Dr Jameson: doing those things we just talked about melting and shooting or crushing there you
Dr Jameson: Go and tablets, you
Dr Jameson: It's mixed with Narc can basically
iPad: Which is good.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, which is so if somebody tries to do something inappropriate with it enough big they put themselves into withdrawal, basically. So that's a determine the when you're using the medicine, a proper way as design, but the Narc can actually doesn't really get absorbed.
Dr Jameson: This way at all. So it kind of just passes through you. Just, just a lot of times people think it's the, it's the Narcan in there that's doing the job and it's not. It's the buprenorphine that's really just in there as a as a deterrent to people misusing the medication.
iPad: I told Dr. B. That would he likes to be called. I said, Why don't you guys like training everybody about this. And of course, then I said, I know why because it's all politics money.
Dr Jameson: Well, there's yeah there's no I mean they are training most residents are getting training now and more and more er staffs and and
Dr Jameson: Anyway, it's, it's part of it in it, and I loved it too. I got the training and I worked for a place
Dr Jameson: A board of brick and mortar place for some time, but
Dr Jameson: There's a lot of DEA regulations about it and that sort of sends this kind of signal to a doctor that's working in their own office like you, you
Dr Jameson: You worry that you're doing something you're not supposed to do without realizing it, and they're going to come. It used to be that they would have like spot checks where they'd come in.
Dr Jameson: Looking through your all your records once a year or so. And it just created this sort of like, well, I don't want to get hauled away by the DEA because I didn't dot three teams or, you know,
Dr Jameson: You know, do something in triplicate or
Dr Jameson: Something so so there was a lot of like
Dr Jameson: fear about
iPad: Yeah, I get that.
iPad: Yeah, so the IRS man only works.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
iPad: Well, I've never had IRS audits, but
Dr Jameson: Um, so, um, we're I have to wrap up because I was supposed to be having another patient in a minute. They don't know what people don't always show up, but
Dr Jameson: I'm going to start you on
iPad: A low low used your time at
Dr Jameson: All. No, no, no, no, it's fine, it's, it's complicated. That's fine.
Dr Jameson: So I'm going to send a prescription using the West Side pharmacy. Right.
Dr Jameson: On Mission Street.
Dr Jameson: Do you need information. No, I have it. I just want to make sure that was
iPad: The right one, I thought. So I thought, I'm
Dr Jameson: Going to send yeah I'm going to send the prescription
Dr Jameson: Just the average dose, people tend to be on 16 milligrams a day, they come and eat and they take it usually twice a day.
Dr Jameson: I'm going to start you on to
iPad: And have you take it out one doctor said, you start to me once
iPad: Or twice. It doesn't work, you go a little bit of. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So normally we have people take two and then a half an hour to an hour later if they're not feeling and what bunch better they take another one this in my again. This just seems a little bit
Dr Jameson: More I want to go more slowly. So I want to have you just
Dr Jameson: Start taking it either once or twice a day. But, you know, just kind of see how you do. Even with one a day.
iPad: Twice a day. Would I cut the thing and have
Dr Jameson: No, no, I'm going to send enough for you to have two in the day. And these are two milligram films not eight milligrams, so that it's a lower dose and we'll see how that goes with some of the nausea and the restlessness and pain and sleep.
Dr Jameson: A lot of times people feel like hot and cold and they can't sit still, like, anxious, do you have any of that sort of stuff.
iPad: Oh, I thought you meant on the medication. I'm like, no.
iPad: No, I was getting that I'm
iPad: Not it's not anxiety, but where you're getting agitated because made so i and going through his girls, you know, and I was like,
iPad: Because I was dependent on it. I am dependent on it because I've been taking it since 14, you know, so my body was like, please just take the pain away. Now you know in my head. Yeah.
iPad: And so I was like jiggery
iPad: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: So, so those are some of the things that we'll see
Dr Jameson: We'll see how it goes with with this starting dose.
Dr Jameson: I
Dr Jameson: Have time on. So did they explain to them how our program works with the weekly group.
iPad: That was gonna be my next question. Like, they said, you just call in. If you need somebody. And I'm like, Well, what if I need them every day.
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm
Dr Jameson: So the structure of the program. I don't know why they don't explain this to people before they get to me. So I end up explaining, kind of like nuts and bolts, but anyway.
Dr Jameson: We have this initial visit, you're going to meet with a counselor for an initial we call they call it a bio psychosocial which I guess is familiar terminology to you.
Dr Jameson: And then they'll set up, they'll make a recommendation about how often I probably I'd say weekly or every other week you'll meet with individual accounts or first. Who knows how long. But sounds like there's quite a bit of material there that might
iPad: Need to be probably isn't right for me. I'm gonna be like, No, no, I mean it.
Dr Jameson: Sounds like
Dr Jameson: You know, very traumatic.
iPad: Life and and
Dr Jameson: That
iPad: That will lot of people have dramatic lives. I think it's relative
Dr Jameson: Rotor sure
Dr Jameson: But in any case, the seven year old is not supposed to know how to how to handle seeing someone's brains blown off on their front porch, for example, and dealing with all the stuff that you did so.
iPad: Because ever dealt with.
Dr Jameson: No. So there's a sounds like quite a bit of work that can probably be done, which is for perfectly fine.
Dr Jameson: And then we have a weekly support group recovery skills slash med check visit. So that's run by a calm to we have a counselor and myself, both in attendance and then eight to 10 patients usually
Dr Jameson: And so that's a who needs a refill. How's it going, kind of thing and then
Dr Jameson: For the first 15 minutes or so we check in with everybody. And then, but the counselor sort of runs it from there. And there's different topic of the week. But anyway, people sometimes somebody's going through something and we spend a lot of time.
Dr Jameson: Problem solving, and troubleshooting and encouraging and, you know, that kind of stuff. Sometimes it mean it's just different. Every week, but it's meant to be.
Dr Jameson: Supportive uplifting community like you know kind of sort of sense. Right, so
Dr Jameson: Those happen once a week, like I said, they go for an hour.
Dr Jameson: So generally, I have most of my, I don't know what your schedule is like these days but
Dr Jameson: I have to try to break them down by state. I think for licensing. But anyway, I have actually my groups are for California on Wednesdays.
Dr Jameson: I have a 10:30am or noon. Don't know if even both times.
iPad: And 30 I don't like to, like, you know, that's like in the middle of it. Okay, so I have one privacy question. It's really
iPad: At this point,
iPad: I can imagine like I used to be recognized in stores and you know everywhere I went and people would like oh JC JC, you know, that kind of thing. And I can't imagine anybody, it's been since 2015 since I've done anything anybody recognizing me and
iPad: I just
iPad: What would happen is they find something about my life and then somebody would give it to a reporter and then
Dr Jameson: Yeah, got it.
iPad: So what is
Dr Jameson: How we
iPad: Wait, people
iPad: See us
iPad: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: It is on video. It's on video we we require people. I didn't care today because it's just you so
iPad: I'll just deal with it, but
Dr Jameson: Well, no, we require earbuds so that
Dr Jameson: Other people who might be walking by, I can't hear what someone else is saying.
Dr Jameson: You know, for privacy purposes. Um, well, I mean, we're using a different name.
Dr Jameson: And it is is meant to be private. I guess I
Dr Jameson: That's a tough.
iPad: There's gonna be a problem, it has been for years.
iPad: Yeah, I mean, I remember me.
Dr Jameson: If you, you know, that would be you not
Dr Jameson: Mentioning sort of your, your career and
iPad: And where you're at. Yeah, which I wouldn't
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm just using your Tanya.
iPad: You know,
Dr Jameson: Or you can use a different name. If you want, but
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and then
iPad: I guess I'm either stage name is either TJ or JC ready. So yeah, so
Dr Jameson: We can just not mention that, yes, there's a
iPad: And I don't want to take away from the group. Anyway, you know,
iPad: In the 1030
Dr Jameson: Group, there is a guy who's in the temporary
Dr Jameson: He works in LA, and he does mix like he has a studio or he does, he mixes. MUSIC He's much he's like 2423 I get the sense he's doing like hip hop and
Dr Jameson: Like that kind of stuff. It doesn't sound like it's
iPad: Gonna know me so
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: That he's in the 1030 group and then noon.
iPad: I prefer 1030 again because it doesn't like
iPad: Okay, in the middle of the day where then I'm broken and I'm like,
Dr Jameson: Okay.
iPad: That's okay. And you're not active
Dr Jameson: Ya know that so I'll pencil you in for next Wednesday. But I think we should probably have another at least one more, visit between now and then just sort of do like how's it going and follow ups and
Dr Jameson: You know, see how the doses and
iPad: Make sure there aren't any bright smile when it's bright health right right heart health right heart Dr Jameson, yes.
Dr Jameson: So, um, I guess I have I, I see patients. Well, I do groups on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and I see patients on Mondays and Thursdays kind of one on one. So,
Dr Jameson: We can either have you go over the weekend and
Dr Jameson: All of that. Sorry.
iPad: When you're not impacted because I just graduated. So, and I'm not working yet yeah so
Dr Jameson: I guess I was thinking maybe maybe both like see how you go if you start it today. And we can see how you're doing tomorrow and then decide if we want to do anything different with adults or we want to leave a, b and then
Dr Jameson: Leave it kind of Open it, open ended. If you need to touch base on Monday we can sort of decide that as time goes on. I guess I just feel a little bit like waiting till Monday is kind of a long time.
iPad: Okay, no, no problem. I'm just trying to put it in the calendar and you're faster than me. Then I can take my hands. So right now what I have is 1030 on the 19th, is that correct
iPad: Next Wednesday meeting.
Dr Jameson: Yes.
iPad: Okay, so that's what we'll start with then what was the other one. I'm sorry to be so slow.
Dr Jameson: No, I know. I appreciate that you're
Dr Jameson: writing it down. I
Dr Jameson: We have all
Dr Jameson: Sorts of it's a wide spectrum, right. Some people are very professional and just kind of got accidentally stuck on so some people have been shooting heroin, since they were
Dr Jameson: And those people tend to have a hard time keeping a schedule because they never learned to be adults. So we're still working. Anyway, so I have a lot of people missing.
Dr Jameson: Appointments and I forgot I was writing it up so
Dr Jameson: Anyway, I appreciate that you're even writing it down as
iPad: Well, I'm, I'm, if I don't, I can't, I can't remember the appointments, I start going
iPad: Yeah, I'm doing this with my, you know,
iPad: Yeah, but
Dr Jameson: So,
iPad: The next thing is
Dr Jameson: So I'm thinking tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: Okay 2:30am
Dr Jameson: What you you're more of an early riser or what's your, what do you what
iPad: I mean, because my pain so bad. So I'm just whenever
Dr Jameson: So I could see you tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: Have someone say I'm on the East Coast. So I have to do the math to I sometimes I messed that up.
iPad: Our schedules, you
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I have somebody scheduled at at nine your time tomorrow. So, and
Dr Jameson: So I could either see you at eight.
iPad: Time or my team.
Dr Jameson: Know your time either.
iPad: 815 830 sounds good.
iPad: If that's okay with you.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's fine. So let's say 815
iPad: Do I do the same thing I did today.
iPad: So, yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: Like 810 so sometimes there's a little bit of a delay, like if if there's a group, starting in a minute, and there's
Dr Jameson: 10 people checking in, for the group. Sometimes you have to wait so that's that's the reason the the the rationale for the early check in.
Dr Jameson: And also, you know, oh, you need a coat. Yeah, there's a copay or I don't know if they as time goes on, you will find there's other there's other
Dr Jameson: Check, check list items like have you had your drug screen in the last 30 days have you filled out the survey that you were supposed to fill out every week. Have you know so they they like go through this little list to make sure everything squared away so tomorrow, there won't
Be anything
Dr Jameson: Extra to check really okay um
iPad: But so yeah I think eight. So right now I have tomorrow at 810 with you. I have next Wednesday at 1030 with the group.
Dr Jameson: Right, what else you should check in and half an hour early from a group
iPad: So,
iPad: Maybe just write down
iPad: Thank you for letting me know that
Dr Jameson: Yeah, money.
iPad: It's the calendar change that so that one I should check in at 10 o'clock.
Yeah.
iPad: Okay, so let me change the time hold them. Thank you for letting me know that because I would have messed up.
Dr Jameson: And then you want to have earbuds with you, you're going to need those.
iPad: I'll charge money.
Dr Jameson: Well, I mean earphones of some kind. They don't want to be ear buds, but some sort of
iPad: I have here, but because it hit the weight on my head of head.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's too much.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: For labs. If you have the hepatitis.
Dr Jameson: lab tests.
Dr Jameson: If there's any drug screening that's been done in lately I
iPad: Think they did all of that in the one we sent you. But again, there's like a steep steep Steve did it for me because it was my hands, can't do that. It's just too much.
iPad: You know, work with it. You can't do it. So he only sent I think 12 of the 50
iPad: I test that we're
Dr Jameson: All no i think i would i
Dr Jameson: Would it. Part of it is, I just need to review what you've already sent because what I see, so far as like three three things. I don't think they finished.
Dr Jameson: scanning them all in yet so we can hold off on that because it's probably, do you have any kind of discharge paperwork from the hospital.
iPad: Steve. Got it. Do you want us to
Dr Jameson: Actually probably what I, what I would probably be more interested than what they give you. Because, which is like these are your medicines and these are your appointments, like they don't usually
Dr Jameson: I would be more interested in the like doctors, we call it a discharge summary where they like detail what all happened in the hospitalization.
Dr Jameson: But that would be something that would be like a medical records from the hospital, which may not even be in yet if you just came home yesterday me not being
Dr Jameson: Done and signed off so but
Dr Jameson: We can we can put a request in for that as time goes on. I think that would probably be
iPad: Okay. Do you want me I'll hold off putting a note to my husband, so that you tell me what we need. So I don't double do every
Dr Jameson: I will
Dr Jameson: And request hospital.
iPad: Otherwise, little send a request to them right now.
Dr Jameson: Charge summary.
iPad: Sleep right now so tired from
Stanford.
Hospital.
Dr Jameson: And they'll have to have you sign if if they don't already have that on file. I know you've signed but they may need to do a specific one.
Dr Jameson: And then anyway. It may be that yeah maybe write that down, actually, because the hospital is going to need you to sign off that you're okay with them, sending it to us. So if you can just say discharge summary.
iPad: Like this.
iPad: And
iPad: It probably won't know what we may have that because
iPad: Because he had to take time off of work. When I was in the hospital for the whatever they want to call it, um,
iPad: She he needed that I remember specifically saying I need the doctor's notes. So we may have that. But I'll look and I'll ask him masculine right now I put Dr discharge summary needed from do you need it from Stanford and American or just Stanford.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: Probably. I mean, the more the better for me. I'm happy to have more, no more about your medical stuff than less so.
Dr Jameson: Like the Stanford one probably isn't back yet, but the Dominican product probably since they had to do that to transfer you up so
iPad: Okay, or down, so Dr discharge summary needed from Stanford and Dominican
iPad: Correct.
Yeah.
iPad: Oh, we have a D said. So if we take a picture and send it to the email that we have
iPad: Okay, yeah, there we go. Okay.
Dr Jameson: See
Very Organized
iPad: I didn't
iPad: Um, I was like disturbance JUST GIVE ME OUT OF HERE. I DON'T CARE, BUT
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I sent the prescription. There can be so
iPad: Ready. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes the pharmacy gets sometimes they don't have it in stock, sometimes your insurance wants us to fill out a prior off.
iPad: Sometime probably need that I'm just warning you ahead. Yeah.
iPad: This for anything. I take the walnuts.
Dr Jameson: So that can slow things down on a new obtaining the medication.
Dr Jameson: So if it turns out you don't even get it by tomorrow. Then there's probably no point in us meeting tomorrow because we won't you won't have had a chance to see how it's working. So just let us know if if if you're not going to have started taking it.
iPad: yet know how I'm going to let you know.
Well,
Dr Jameson: And we even just sign into the virtual clinic and
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
iPad: And that's generally the way you
Dr Jameson: Start yeah that's generally the best way to get have any kind of communication, but also to check in, for whatever appointment, you have
Dr Jameson: Well, I mean, like,
iPad: I play I had always hoped that it would get to this point so much better.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Maybe we can. I mean, I feel like we haven't even really gotten through all of your medical history.
Dr Jameson: And I want to know more about. I'm not even sure I have all your allergies in here. So maybe we can still meet tomorrow, just to kind of keep keep getting through background a little bit more. I'm
iPad: Going to send you the LG list because it's on the phone.
Dr Jameson: Okay, sure.
iPad: That sounds good. One that
Yeah.
iPad: And then
iPad: What did I do miss
Dr Jameson: That's okay, you have a primary or you're going to be moving. So you need a new one, or what
iPad: I'm going to need a new one. When I move on, we're moving to Cupertino right now it's Dr Sickles and I she didn't have an appointment. Nobody had an appointment, might the clinic.
iPad: Until next Wednesday. So I'm actually not meeting with my primary I meeting with somebody. I've never met before and they're going to review the labs that I have to have again my liver enzymes. So at that time. If you need additional stuff can you send a request into quest, you know,
Dr Jameson: What. Yeah, that's how we usually do our initial
Dr Jameson: Labs. Anyway, so yeah.
iPad: Okay. And that way I can do the ones they want plus the ones you want you can get them all at once.
iPad: Okay, yeah, that's okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, they'll probably be kind of an overlap. Anyway, what they want.
iPad: And then we'll take 20 miles.
iPad: No, I'm sorry war you out now tell you go see a therapist now.
Dr Jameson: Now, unfortunately.
iPad: You
Dr Jameson: Know i mean the the frequency with which it turns out that
Dr Jameson: People dependent on opiates have some sort of history of trauma as a kid or I don't know. It's not uncommon at all. In fact, I've, I've
Dr Jameson: Put in a request as we as the company grows to have like breakout groups, specifically for survivors of childhood sexual abuse and just the PTSD, in and of itself.
Dr Jameson: And as we grow. I think we'll probably be able to accommodate that they're looking at hiring someone that does the, I don't know if you've heard of the he
Dr Jameson: Asked, yeah. The I movement treatment for PTSD.
iPad: Is not just it's a
Dr Jameson: Real yeah PTS
Dr Jameson: Yes, exactly. So I mean as as we grow, I hope, I hope, will be able to expand some of those
iPad: Are your experience with the end because I've read about it. We studied it, but I've never
Dr Jameson: Yeah, um,
Dr Jameson: I have not personally, but I've
Dr Jameson: I first heard of it, actually, when I worked in an urgent care, years ago, and the, the nurse who was also a for a paramedic and
Dr Jameson: she'd had it done after some bad seeing that she'd been to, and then the radiology tech had witnessed a really bad car accident and she'd had it done and they were telling me about it and
Dr Jameson: How active and yeah they both were telling me how how well it worked and and I was like, Oh my God, it sounds like such a hokey thing but
Dr Jameson: They both of them and had it and it had worked and I'm one of my patients currently in one of my groups has been undergoing that therapy locally. So it does sound like it's quite effective for whatever whatever you may know more about it than I do.
iPad: Well, the research material sounds very promising on it because, I mean, it affects all the nerves goes through your, you know, your retina. You know what I'm talking about my
My browser.
iPad: Gets into your neurons and then it
iPad: Works to rewire
Dr Jameson: Yeah, the hippocampus, which is
Dr Jameson: Man, that where you hold all your emotions and yeah memories.
Dr Jameson: But the way that they make these colleagues of mine explained it was that they it, it sort of re catalogues your memory. So instead of your memory being mixed in with the emotional
Dr Jameson: Trigger, you know, content that that it is currently and you still can remember it, but it, it no longer is associated with those
iPad: Emotions
Kind of
iPad: Like that. So that's good research girl doesn't put it like that.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And maybe that's not right.
Dr Jameson: But that's what that's what the people that
iPad: Had done
Dr Jameson: Told me so I don't know, um,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we'll, we'll pick up tomorrow, we can talk more about background medical stuff. Hopefully I'll have more laps to look at and possibly the hospital information and then
Dr Jameson: How long ago was that dialogue. Did Pete PCA pump malfunction.
iPad: Oh, that was April, May of last year.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Any other overdoses. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Any other overdoses.
iPad: Besides that, which is time when I was in the hospital.
iPad: This time now Stanford.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: You overdose again.
iPad: Yeah, they said it was like a buildup of yeah I mean we looked at the pills. When I came home and I handed them to my husband, and it was almost a full jar.
Dr Jameson: Did you have you resuscitate it like
iPad: Where you're not breathing. They use Narcan it worked a
iPad: Little bit. But I have bruises on my chest because I wasn't breathing in there. I was foaming at the mouth, I guess.
iPad: Yeah, well, my husband thought I was fine when he came home and then he went to sleep and
iPad: I mean not fine just
iPad: I wasn't like enough. I think so. Yeah. So, once he woke up and saw I was foaming at the mouth. He called 911 they came in took me out so
iPad: I don't remember that.
iPad: I'm not surprised. Thank goodness. Yeah, but I do have bruises on my chest. So I don't know if they'd be suspended or if that was a transportation thing. I couldn't tell you, and he wasn't in the van. So he doesn't know.
Dr Jameson: Okay, I mean sounds a little
iPad: Is doing know at was a Stanford or dinner at Dominican they did give me the allotted and I was like I don't take a lot of don't give me dialogic so and that's last time I had it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, we'll pick back up tomorrow, I'll see you then. And then hopefully we'll be able to get the paperwork done to get the medication going today.
iPad: I always get all those labs that we sent yesterday and then again.
iPad: Today, can you ask them to ask this again. Yes, for sure. Okay. And I already sent the urine stuff.
iPad: Okay, yeah.
Dr Jameson: She may just not enough. Like I said, she may not have populated that into your chair. Yeah.
iPad: Well, it's a lot of work.
iPad: Yeah, overwhelming work.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: Sorry. Okay. No, that's all right. Well, I gotta, I gotta get scared at all. So,
Dr Jameson: It was very nice to meet you.
iPad: You're welcome. It was nice to meet you too.
iPad: Okay, what you have a good day you to
iPad: Make it easy and get some help from me.
Dr Jameson: All right, take care.
iPad: Okay. Bye. Hi.
iPad: Have you lose a little Southern kind of toggle your screen, it should say
Dr Jameson: Leave meeting.
iPad: And renders yeah the other ones in the house. I was like, wait a second. Okay. I feel like I'm hanging up on you. I am
iPad: Well, you are. All right. Bye bye.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
iPhone: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Hi, my name sector Jameson. Can you hear me okay
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay. Um, how do you say your name.
iPhone: I prefer to go by Libya, if that's easier for you.
iPhone: Libby. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, yeah, that's fine. I because I don't want to say it wrong. So
iPhone: So,
Dr Jameson: Yes, cold calling in. Right.
Yeah.
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then if you could actually confirm your birth date also
iPhone: June 20 1996
Dr Jameson: And you're in California.
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So I don't honestly know if we'll be able to get through everything because I have a group that starts at 130
Dr Jameson: So, but we can at least get as far as we can. And maybe pick up again tomorrow if if we have to, but I'll
Dr Jameson: I'll try to I'll see what we can do. I'll try. I'll
iPhone: Answer for us. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Um, so, well, first of all, have you been on Suboxone before
iPhone: No, I've been on and off opiates for like 10 years
iPhone: And I've never been able to like stay off of them.
iPhone: And I'm like, I had a couple of years shrieks and stuff like that. But this last
iPhone: This last time when I relapsed away and pretty heavy where I was taking upwards of like 300 to 500 milligrams of morphine, a day.
iPhone: And
iPhone: So obviously the withdrawals are really bad.
iPhone: And I can't do it myself this time so
iPhone: I reached out for help.
Dr Jameson: Sure. So, um, you're taking pills or and how are you taking them.
iPhone: I was just taking notes just
Dr Jameson: And just like the old fashioned swallow it with water kind of way.
iPhone: Okay, nothing, nothing.
Dr Jameson: And then have you stopped completely, are you, what have you been, what have you done so far.
iPhone: And a couple of days now.
iPhone: And are we using when I start withdrawing
Dr Jameson: So you kind of were taping tapering a little bit yourself anyway.
iPhone: Yeah, I was trying. I did. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So tell me, I know I can probably imagine, but tell me some of the symptoms that that are most troubling with with the other, which are often
iPhone: The ones that have the hardest time with is like the tremors and I got, like, kind of like restless leg syndrome pretty bad.
iPhone: I'm a waitress, so I can't really like be shaking
iPhone: And the tables and then
iPhone: I sweat really bad. I get super nauseous.
iPhone: And then like kind of like a, like you're supposed to be like lethargic, but I can't sleep.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay. Hot and cold to just
iPhone: Yeah yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: OK, so the pretty standard sadly miserable.
Dr Jameson: Combination there. Okay, so. And have you ever. A lot of times people have tried Suboxone on their own and never, never had it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Tell me what you know about it. So I don't go on and on about stuff that you already know.
iPhone: I've actually researched it
iPhone: A lot
iPhone: Out of this point.
iPhone: That I wanted to look you're making the right choice A methadone or Suboxone and I think Suboxone is a better choice of the two
iPhone: And I do know how people who have taken it and been very successful.
iPhone: With it, and much higher success rates when people I know with methadone. Um so yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: So, so you understand that it basically replaces opiates in your in your receptors of your brain and in the process of doing that. It blocks. Other opiates from being
Dr Jameson: Able to get in there. So first of all, that sort of satisfies the physical craving II stuff anyway.
Dr Jameson: But it also decreases your desire to use. And if you did take a morphine on top of it, you generally people say they don't, nothing happens.
iPhone: I would like that.
Dr Jameson: So it has a much
Dr Jameson: It has a very long half life, meaning it takes. It's a you take it, you get a level in your system. And then I said, gradual drop
iPhone: Your time
Dr Jameson: Ever days as opposed to morphine and Oxycodone and other things that people take which
Dr Jameson: Well, some of them have long half life like fentanyl has a long half life but
Dr Jameson: A lot of those other ones are much shorter. So hours, you know, you take you, which you probably know Allah you use it. And then so many hours later, you're, you're not feeling well again. So this is a much smoother kind of
Dr Jameson: Experience. People say, and then it does not cause, the cause some side effects like constipation sometimes and
Dr Jameson: Some sexual side effects. And people sometimes still feel sleepy or but to a far less lower degree, I guess. And then the other opiates. It does not cause respiratory depression. So it's very, it's much safer.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: It doesn't really so methadone, people will get some euphoria from still so there's sometimes still a little bit of a high
iPhone: With methadone methadone also has some
Dr Jameson: Yeah, some toxic metabolites and you can if you take too much methadone, you can definitely kill yourself so
Dr Jameson: That's, yeah. And it it it makes it like if you still use while you're taking methadone, you still get a hot. You know, it doesn't it doesn't
Dr Jameson: Block in quite the same way.
iPhone: I guess.
Dr Jameson: It's obviously more convenient. You don't have to go to a methadone clinic every day, which is, you know, a
Dr Jameson: Big drag after about 1010 that you know that doesn't
iPhone: I also live super far away.
iPhone: Yeah, every quick like I live like on the edge of the Bay Area, you know. Yeah.
iPhone: Everywhere in the Bay Area. Right.
Dr Jameson: So yeah, so that's not easy, especially in that area commuting is
Dr Jameson: Not great. And then some people say that you know not everyone that's in a methadone program is really motivated to be sober and there can be some interesting things happening in the waiting room or in the parking lot outside after anyway. Yeah, so you know congregating with
Dr Jameson: With a group of people that may or may not all be super, super supportive
Dr Jameson: So yeah, so I think this definitely has a lot of them. I think it's a generally. Now, some people are taking fentanyl or heroin and they have such high level Suboxone sometimes it's a hard transition
Dr Jameson: Straight from fentanyl in your case even taking pharmaceutical medications you know exactly what it is, but it is which is helpful, because we don't have to worry about the contamination that's happening so much
Dr Jameson: But sometimes people have a rough a rough start going from one to the other and sometimes methadone is a good like middle kind of stabilizer and then and then sometimes we transition
Dr Jameson: And that which you probably have researched is is referring to the potential for precipitated withdrawal. Are you familiar with that. Oh.
iPhone: Yeah, the withdrawals from Suboxone I pretty from both are pretty terrible.
Dr Jameson: Well, the withdrawal from Suboxone is similar to the withdrawal from any opiate it's just it's
Dr Jameson: A little slower to start and
Dr Jameson: Generally, we're only stopping that if there's some very extenuating circumstance, like we found out that you're selling your pills or your, you know, suddenly incarcerated or something.
Dr Jameson: But otherwise, we tend to if we stop it at all, which is kind of an area of debate, but
iPhone: We
Dr Jameson: Gradually gradually gradually gradually taper like by tiny amounts over slow like very long periods of time.
Dr Jameson: The precipitated withdrawal is a different that's more about starting Suboxone
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: The magic of this, the box on the buprenorphine is the ingredient. And that is, is a very strong
Dr Jameson: We call it, we have an affinity, but it, it binds to the receptor in an extremely strong way like once it's in there. You can't get it out.
Dr Jameson: And it also displaces it's stronger than other opiates. So it actually pushes other ones out. So if you recently used and the levels are still
Dr Jameson: Fairly high
Dr Jameson: Which may not be anyway. The buprenorphine comes in and then pushes all that out and you suddenly go from here to here and you actually have a
Dr Jameson: Bad with like even more sudden and severe withdrawal until things kind of stabilized again, or the buprenorphine starts to wear off. So that is the big really the biggest potential like hiccup with with spots on the solution is to make sure you're feeling
Dr Jameson: as sick as you can stand to feel before you start your first dose. So usually
Dr Jameson: It sounds like you're you're getting there anyway. By the time we can organize the prescription and if there's a prior off and all that stuff.
Dr Jameson: If it's been 24 hours since you last took anything. Usually it's not a problem. And people just feel better within half an hour to an hour of taking the first dose.
iPhone: 48 hour mark ish
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: It doesn't seem like it's going to be a problem sometimes again like people that are using stuff from the street think it's heroin. It's really fentanyl and the levels are just so high that you start, you feel sick, but you're really still it's still there.
Dr Jameson: So sometimes we get we get surprised, but
Dr Jameson: So just to be on the safe side we we generally start the first dose kind of a half dose and then sort of see, make sure it's not making you feel worse.
Dr Jameson: And then if you're not all but if you're not feeling completely better after an hour, you can take the other half. So, we usually kind of start just, just a little bit under what we think you're going to need to be just to be safe.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that I think it sounds like you have a pretty good understanding. Let me back up just
iPhone: A minute. We're doing good with time. So,
Dr Jameson: Are you allergic to any medication. No.
iPhone: I have a sensitivity to ibuprofen. It just makes me nauseous. That's about it.
Dr Jameson: And then are you prescribed any
iPhone: Are you taking any other medications by me. Not currently.
Dr Jameson: Birth control.
iPhone: I have an ID.
Dr Jameson: And, um,
Dr Jameson: Any medical
Problems.
iPhone: No.
Dr Jameson: Is it a marina or a skylight. You know,
The Marina
Kind of a medication.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: Are you a smoker.
iPhone: Yes, cigarettes.
Dr Jameson: You're right. I should have been more so.
iPhone: I asked that question.
Dr Jameson: Thank you.
iPhone: I always like to be specific answer.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: How much yeah how I see smoke.
iPhone: Lately, a lot
iPhone: Like like more than a pack a day.
Dr Jameson: Okay, just be
iPhone: Stressed trying to look at all, sir.
Dr Jameson: And how about alcohol. Oh.
No.
iPhone: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: Like New Year's Eve and a wedding.
iPhone: Rare. Yeah. That kind of rare and even that it's like a glass of champagne midnight.
And then
Dr Jameson: Are you in school or working or be so you said your server.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: How much
Did you finish.
iPhone: I dropped out of community college after
Okay, so you graduated high school
Dr Jameson: few semesters.
iPhone: Of college
Dr Jameson: And any, who do you live with.
iPhone: My mom and dad.
Dr Jameson: Are you in a relationship.
And not let me do it, obviously.
Dr Jameson: Sorry you broke out. So again,
iPhone: I said, because I can't, like, get my
iPhone: Stay standing. I don't know. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: So how long, how long is your relationship. Is it new or long standing or
iPhone: Six months. It's time we broke up a few years ago.
iPhone: When I was using very heavily
iPhone: Because he doesn't use or anything like that. And I was like having a really hard time and I didn't like tell him anything you're stuck with him out of nowhere.
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And so he's not, he's not using
iPhone: At all. Okay, that's good. It is
Dr Jameson: It's harder to quit when you're
iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Um, any other medic any other drug use in the past.
iPhone: Nope, it's always just been opiate. Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: How did that come about.
iPhone: Well, it's to be honest, it started with my dad had 10 strokes at one time and
iPhone: He had a brain surgery. And they were just like purpose everywhere.
iPhone: Because he was taking on such high levels of that. So I started stealing them at that point and then I sort of buying them later on. I still kind of graduated through the pills.
Dr Jameson: So what what was, how old are you,
iPhone: 1514
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then what was the, what was the appeal.
iPhone: Um, I kind of wanted to feel less
iPhone: Because there's a lot of a lot of things to be felt during that time, you know,
iPhone: And
iPhone: It's kind of just like turned into, like, kind of like a coping mechanism for me.
Dr Jameson: Generally that's
Dr Jameson: Being. Yeah. Yeah. No, no you and you and most people. And that's, that's why I'm asking because my
Dr Jameson: My approach to this we can we can replace the chemical we can sort we can solve that fairly easily with medication, but
Dr Jameson: Fixing the bigger picture of relearning coping third and learning new coping skills are managing sometimes there's on traumas and things that have really never been dealt with. Because we were numbing ourselves to not think about them.
iPhone: Straight up, getting clean. I think I'm ready for it.
Well,
Dr Jameson: I give you a lot of credit. That's an and we don't like ram it down your throat. I mean, you meet with a counselor and gradually as you feel comfortable go, you know, start peeling layers to to get to the, you know, central, central things, but it's not like it's going to be
Dr Jameson: Some sort of lock you in a room and that
Dr Jameson: Is your dad still living.
iPhone: Yes, surprisingly, that's very good.
Dr Jameson: And then to see have any anybody in a family in him, or anybody else have any substance use triples.
iPhone: No.
Dr Jameson: Alcohol you
iPhone: Know, most of my family lives in Ireland, so I honestly don't know them, or like anything about them. Okay, so, um, I can't really answer that one.
iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: As far as, you know, and the household. You grew up in there wasn't no okay and
iPhone: Also walked up to like, and again, safe, where I don't have
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: So they're aware now I take it.
iPhone: Yes, my mom. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Have you had any surgeries.
Nope.
Dr Jameson: And
Gosh, I've done this in a while. There's a little
Dr Jameson: There we go. And then we already talked about medical problems that aren't any.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: How tall are you,
iPhone: Guys.
Dr Jameson: Do you know how much you weigh about
iPhone: About 125 pounds.
Good.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: I think that
Dr Jameson: Will be good. So they explained, you're going to get some blood work and well lab work done. There's blood and urine.
iPhone: I didn't know that. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Usually that's already been okay so yeah we just do an initial set of like blood count liver tests sort of just basic
Dr Jameson: blood work we screen people that won't really probably be relevant in your face, but since we do have happened to have
Dr Jameson: You know, a higher percentage of patients that have been injecting themselves we screen rapid Titus and HIV and syphilis and that kind of stuff. And then we do a urine talk screen which we expect to be
iPhone: You already
Dr Jameson: Have some things in there, but it's it's more of a just a baseline.
Dr Jameson: So, you know, whatever. It shows it shows it's okay.
Dr Jameson: They usually set that up with a quest in your area. I'll I guess I'll direct you back to who will be been talking with
iPhone: Me talking to RJ okay
Dr Jameson: Okay.
iPhone: So I will be honest, I took a pot brownie, like, a week ago forgot about that. That's what I forgot about
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, so I'll just have you get back in touch with her and just say, question mark labs.
Dr Jameson: Like, what's the point and then
Dr Jameson: I don't know how much they explained, usually people that haven't really gotten much information about this like the structure of how our program works beyond today.
Dr Jameson: So you obviously we have this initial meeting, like on the medical side will schedule at some point have an initial sort of same thing assessment with a with a counselor.
Dr Jameson: And then they'll make a recommendation about how often to me going forward individually, it might be every week, every other week or something like that. But, um,
Dr Jameson: They'll take care of that side and then you and I will see each other. Typically weekly in a we might do an extra one between now and then, but
iPhone: If
Dr Jameson: We do groups. So it's like a support group.
Dr Jameson: Recovery.
Dr Jameson: Discussion type thing. There's a different counselor usually there and then myself. And so it's a kind of a combination med check refill.
Dr Jameson: Thing, and then the majority of the of the hour is spent talking about triggers or sleep or, I don't know, you know, different subjects for different different weeks and the counselor generally kind of runs that the most of
Dr Jameson: Its meant, and I think
Dr Jameson: It seems like people find it encouragement you know it's an encouragement and the support and
Dr Jameson: You know what what what what's going on. How can we help. How's it going, you know, sort of, that kind of thing. So those
Dr Jameson: Groups, I have
Dr Jameson: You work.
Dr Jameson: Evenings probably wouldn't, what's yours.
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: So, um, how early do you usually wake up.
iPhone: Right now my sleep is kind of like erratic.
iPhone: There's some days where like I don't sleep at all. And then other days where I will sleep until like 2pm
iPhone: But the reason I have to be awake. I like okay
Dr Jameson: Well, like is 1032 early in the morning.
iPhone: And then you could probably work and astronaut give
Dr Jameson: Me. The other option is noon. That'd be better.
iPhone: No one works better.
iPhone: Alright Lindy
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'll pin to you. So that's on Wednesdays. Is that OK.
Dr Jameson: OK, so that you'll have a weekly group every Wednesday. And we asked people to start checking in half an hour before the group. So like if you think 1130 then you know you know by the time everyone gets checked in and sorted out. Then we started around noon.
Dr Jameson: The
Dr Jameson: Only requirements for group are that you have some sort of your phone, your
Dr Jameson: airboat or something for privacy. So if somebody else's your, your mom's walking by in the background, somebody who's sharing something about their whatever doesn't accidentally share that with somebody, not in the group.
Dr Jameson: And then we asked people not to smoke during group. Some people are either recently quit or ARE TRYING TO SO WASHING somebody smoking doesn't isn't
Dr Jameson: So that's, that's the rationale for that.
Dr Jameson: We are
Dr Jameson: Is pretty
Dr Jameson: Flexible. I mean, I guess what I'm trying to say is, for the first few weeks if you're just mostly listening and not saying much that's nobody's going to force you to answer a question if you just
Dr Jameson: I don't have anything to say about that, or I'm not sure, or
Dr Jameson: You ask me another time, you know, you're perfectly. Welcome to sort of path for a while. The only
Dr Jameson: The only thing I think we we kind of ask people to to answer, which I'm telling you now so you have time to think about it, but hopefully it's not a hard question but
Dr Jameson: We usually finish each group with a going around the room and saying something we're grateful for. So hopefully that's not too difficult to to manage
iPhone: For the first
iPhone: Week anyway.
Dr Jameson: But just for your so you're not completely cut off.
Dr Jameson: And the counselor that runs that group is named john
So,
Dr Jameson: That will be the kind of going forward, you'll have a weekly group and then I don't know what the counseling schedule will be like, but they'll figure that out. So that'll be basically your, your schedule we do monthly drug screens, which
Dr Jameson: You know this initial one counts is your first one. So then you won't have to do one for another month
iPhone: But we'll
Dr Jameson: We'll explain more about that as time goes on, but you'll have a monthly drug screen and they send you surveys every week. They're really into data and
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and it'll analytics and
Dr Jameson: Stuff. So there's you get them by email, you can if you fill them out when you get the email, then by the time you get to check in. It's done. Checking can take a long
Dr Jameson: Time because a lot of people haven't filled out their survey. So then they have to go fill out the survey so
iPhone: Like a, like a
Um,
Dr Jameson: They are big.
Dr Jameson: It's like, how many times did you use this week, how much alcohol.
iPhone: Smoking and then
Dr Jameson: They asked you a variety of, like, Are you having, you know, fights with family member, like what's going on in your life. Basically, what are the factors that would make it more likely you would
Dr Jameson: Relapse compared to protective they they called risk and protective factors, but I don't know the name of the exact survey. I think it's
Dr Jameson: Bam brief addiction monitor or something like that, I think. Anyway, I think it takes 10 or 15 minutes to go through. So you'll, you'll be see you should be seeing email about that once a week.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: I think that's the mean, those are the biggest sort of
Dr Jameson: That's all I can think of as a pretty much what we require. I will say, people are sometimes
Dr Jameson: Fearful
Dr Jameson: We're not a punitive like some programs if you if you have a
Dr Jameson: Unexpected drug screen results. You're dismissed. We don't generally do that unless we find that you're not taking them up morphine and
Dr Jameson: Taking other things because that implies you're selling it or something that we don't want you to do. So that's the biggest thing or you would be potentially discharged about if there's any sort of indication that you're diverting as we say.
Dr Jameson: And then, for me, it's more about. Okay. Well, what happened. Let's talk about it. Let's be honest and open about it and then let's figure out what what we're working on, basically. So just so you're not to say I'm encouraging anything but don't don't
Dr Jameson: I guess you'll get get a sense of that as we go forward, but it's really more about
Dr Jameson: Moving forward and personal growth and and and it's a journey so
Dr Jameson: As you have already learned it's it's generally like this. It's not a straight line.
Dr Jameson: Straight up usually so
Dr Jameson: There's that's not necessarily an expectation that we have, although it's great if it does happen, and you've already done some of this. So,
iPhone: Hopefully we're
Dr Jameson: Getting to that next point. So, do you know how that how to take the medicine and with the dissolving in the mouth and all this.
iPhone: Yeah, my ex boyfriend used to take it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So, um, let me see what we have for your pharmacy.
iPhone: And I can go to class today to as long as I
iPhone: Have to send them the
Dr Jameson: Order. So it says there's a Walmart pharmacy. Is that what you're using
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, um,
Dr Jameson: There's tablets and films. Some people seem to prefer the taste of one or not the other. I don't know. Do
iPhone: I don't have a preference right now have a preference. I'll let you know.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So we'll start with the films. I think they're
Dr Jameson: People complain sometimes about the tablets being kinda bulky. So, but then some people complain about the film, they don't like the taste. So I don't know. Well, we'll start with
Dr Jameson: The film and what I'm gonna
Dr Jameson: Do so. Most recently, like two weeks ago. How much are you taking in a day.
iPhone: 500 milligrams. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then you come come down to button.
iPhone: It's about 300
Dr Jameson: So I think we
Dr Jameson: We
Dr Jameson: Were I worked before. We just always started everybody on the 16 like eight Nate and we didn't do this gradual build up thing, and sometimes I still do that.
Dr Jameson: I sometimes I do like to do the build up thing. But I think, in your case, I think there's little chance that that less than eight, I think it's going to sort of satisfy your, your receptors right now anyway.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: It's all right. It's it is what it is. Um, so let's just start with eight
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: You know, the, the drug is designed to be a once a day medication like take it in the morning or whatever. What at one time, one time a day.
Dr Jameson: Very few of our patients.
Dr Jameson: Feel comfortable doing that they seem to like to split the dose. So I don't know if that's just residual addict behavior to be, frankly,
Dr Jameson: Does it seems like going too long without taking something
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so I just write it twice a day because that's kind of how everybody likes to take it.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, but you could just take it once a day if you wanted to.
Dr Jameson: take both of them together. I wouldn't at the beginning, though I think splitting it for now is probably better. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So I'll send a prescription
Dr Jameson: And then hopefully we can get the labs done in the next day or two.
iPhone: Yeah, so if I can't do it today. I can definitely do it tomorrow. Okay. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: I have availability on Monday.
Dr Jameson: If we if we want. If you feel like you want to touch base before the actual group just since it's brand new. It's I sometimes like to do that just to give you a little bit of one on one time to talk about details of doses and stuff like that.
iPhone: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then sometimes we also use like nausea medicine and other other medications for some of the symptoms is that sound.
iPhone: For nasza would definitely okay
iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so I'll send some know Fran. Have you taken that before.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Another thing that dissolves under your tongue.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'll send
That
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then hopefully the rest of your symptoms will be improving as we get this going.
Dr Jameson: Well, I sent the prescription just now. If your insurance which they often do has a prior off.
Dr Jameson: To be filled out then that can slow things down slightly.
Dr Jameson: Occasionally the pharmacy is doesn't have it in stock or something and they have to order it. That's for this dose, not that common.
Dr Jameson: Every so often we see that
Dr Jameson: So those you know those could be potentially limitation. Sometimes the pharmacy, has there.
Dr Jameson: They are, they're not taking any more patients because they get a certain amount of months of the medication and they need to make sure they're going to have enough for everybody that they take. So sometimes they won't take anybody know sometimes we have to try a different pharmacy.
Dr Jameson: Not so bad in California, but sometimes the pharmacists.
Dr Jameson: Are like, wait, telemedicine what and then they don't feel comfortable with dispensing so
Dr Jameson: I'm going to send a note to Jake to RJ and I guess or Jamie is another person that is like a care coordinator, they say.
Dr Jameson: About finding a time for you on Monday. Again,
Dr Jameson: Anytime. If you have issues, you can. Any questions or problems or anything. I mean, every so often. So he's allergic to it. I mean, it's rare but
Dr Jameson: Somebody you know there's always somebody allergic in the world.
Dr Jameson: Then just sign into the virtual clinic and there's always somebody there to talk to answer questions. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Send a message to me.
Dr Jameson: Um, any
Dr Jameson: Questions before we go.
iPhone: Nope, I think I'm
iPhone: I think I'm ready. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm glad you found. How did you find us. Just curious.
iPhone: I've been. I've been looking for like clinics and like MIT and everything for like the past few months, and then I was like, there's gotta be some type of online thing. So I gotta say.
Dr Jameson: Just google basically
iPhone: Yeah you popped up. Okay. That's how I found it.
Dr Jameson: All right, great. I'm just curious. Um, alright, so, um, I'll see you. She'll give you a time for Monday.
Dr Jameson: So we'll see you then. And then we'll see you again in group on Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Okay. All right. Good luck, I hope it hope it works quickly for you.
iPhone: I hope so too. Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Dr Jameson: Oh, so you toggle your screen. There's a little leave meeting and red letters.
iPhone: Got it, okay.
iPhone: You're trapped
iPhone: Thank you.
Dr Jameson: I think I'm running out of time to dictates because I have to be in group in a minute. So I will
Sign on a little bit later to do the dictation for these two patients.
Dr Jameson: They're both opioid use disorder, obviously. So, at least we can
Dr Jameson: And physicals are normal and
You can detail the review of systems that that we did discuss, but I will, I will fill in the blanks.
Dr Jameson: At a later time. Maybe at the end of one of my groups here. If I have time. Okay, bye.